[Music]
that's where I come in
excuse me by asking if it was diet she
took it as you trying to imply that you
thought she was fat go get a red rose
get a regular coke tell her she's
everything you never knew you always
wanted any problems give me a car or the
trunk alum BIA pictures did you overhear
this guy they call me date doctor every
month really absolutely I was told you
were the guy that helps guys like me
nobody's perfect
that's pathetic pathetic but one man my
name is Alex Hitchens call me hich
didn't help you come close let me give
you my number
do you have a pen he can show you the
moves elbows six inches from the waist
the 90-degree angles this is home you
see somebody you know I don't want that
it is don't bite your lip stop biting
your lip no yes
okay see that's what I need to be
learning don't ever do that again he can
teach you the rules the guy with all the
answers whenever I'm around I just can't
get my stuff right I saw that going
differently in my mind we'll have some
questions of his oh is it me or is it
just a little itchy in here you think
that I'm in a stressful State because
I'm trying to make a good impression
no I think you have food allergies Oh
Will Smith it is not that serious
[Music]
hitch the cure for the common man eight
out of ten women believe that the first
kiss will tell them everything that they
need to know the secret is to go 90
percent of the way and hold a showing
show me the magic come 90 then I come 10
you don't go to whole hundred you
overzealous son of up
[Music]